this is going to be my review of the
Denon urban river ahc 301 in-ear
headphones so these things they're
around the well they were released
around the 250 dollar price mark which
is kind of sort of high-end had
earphones but now I mean they've been
some pretty massive price cuts I got
these for about sixty pounds
just off some seller on eBay and these
are some really really high quality
earphones and you can tell that they
were made for a higher price bracket and
what they're available for now so I mean
basically made by Denon they're not
reference earphones so these aren't the
kind of earphones that are gonna please
the audio files among you there they're
not sort of natural sounding they're
very bass heavy but they don't
compromise on the other parts of this
sound so in basically it's a very nice
premium looking box looks even better on
the inside some tapes off yes I mean
look at this it's pretty well packaged
it's kind of like a hardback book in a
way and you open it up and you get this
very really cool I mean I've already
opened these before but it's sort of
it's a very nice petitionary and you got
the case here and you just see your
earphones here and it looks very very
nice a lot of attention to detail has
been paid I mean this is all foam here
this is foam lots of manuals and things
you even get like a harness to attach it
on to your belt yes so many you know
tips and things and you also get these
on I'll show you you get different sizes
of these of silicon well clip kind of
things and you put these on the
earphones and they help to isolate even
more noise so I mean these are one of
the best non active noise-cancelling
earphones that you can find just because
of these and it's almost like a custom
fit because it's got so many different
buds and so many different
inserts and it's also a meat sauce even
got firm tips and you don't normally
find these as you know coming with the
original pair of earphones anyway
to the air fans themselves so inside
this very nice leather feel course so in
here we have the air fans themselves
okay this is not a tangle free cable but
it does a pretty good job of keeping
tangles out bay but yeah you will notice
the odd one up to when you use it so if
we actually look at the cable hopefully
we can focus on this okay maybe not well
basically it's a fairly decent cable not
particularly thick but it doesn't feel
flimsy it doesn't feel like it's gonna
break only thing is that the cable is
actually joined to the earphones
so if the cable does break you can have
to get it repaired you can't just sort
of take it out get any cable you have to
get the whole earphones repaired so over
90 degrees gold-plated headphone jack
and this is pretty much standard by
today's standards and yeah it does the
job a lot of you prefer 90 degrees just
because it doesn't sort of protrude too
much from a pocket and it lets you sort
of well yeah
keep your phone or iPod in your pocket
while using it sometimes you get
connectors which comes straight out
words and they're quite obtrusive anyway
the earphones themselves so they are
really big as you can see they are
they're really they're massive they're
the biggest statements I've ever seen or
used and so basically they don't feel as
heavy as they look just because it's all
plastic construction so that's a good
thing and a bad thing really I mean they
do feel almost a little bit cheap in
some senses I mean you you would you
wouldn't get that idea from from looking
at the package I mean from the packaging
these look like they were built you know
it looks like it was built like a tank
but you had to live in themselves feel
very light in the cheap kind of way if
you know what I mean
so it feels very plasticky very glossy
and I mean it does actually have a
button on here which you can use to skip
tracks and that feels a little bit loose
as well so the actual build quality
I'm gonna go ahead and say is not too
great but the sound is where these
things are absolute incredible like
they're mind-blowing you may be aware
that a while ago I purchased some triple
Phi 10 earphones for about 200 pounds
somewhere on there they sound a lot
better than them these things are
they're really booming really powerful
bass and they've got really crystal
clear highs and you can hear everything
in the music mids uh mids are there
they're not exactly protruding but
they're definitely present and so I mean
I wouldn't say it's a balanced sound
because it isn't but it's it's a very
good sign it's the kind of sound that
will you know get you dancing and get
you in the mood and I think you it's
made for people to enjoy their music
from more than anything which I mean is
what most people are looking for really
I mean most people aren't looking for
the exact you know an exact replication
of what was heard in the studio when it
was created or whatever they just want
the music that sounds good and this
mutes music sound good anyway so you got
a very good seal with this silicon tip
followed by this well seal kind of thing
and basically what that does is ice its
noise very well indeed it's equivalent
to if you tried the Bose QuietComfort
headphones over a headphones and it's
difficult to compare any as and over is
but I'd say it canceled about a similar
amount of noise to that which is very
impressive considering there's no actual
technology being used well there's no
such technology being used here this is
just passive noise cancelling compared
to active and does a very good job then
the actual sound quality I'd say is also
enhanced by the noise cancelling so you
put these in and literally all you hear
is the music and that's it's quite
profound really I mean some earphones do
something similar to that but this
really is this on a whole new level to
anything I've tried the fit is so good
and the seal is so good that you just
you become totally immersed in the music
so it really is this pretty special in
terms of sound quality now I really I
would demo it to you but YouTube no
longer lets me do that so you'll just
have to take my word for it and the fact
that these things sound absolutely
amazing as to how long they're gonna
last I've got no idea to be honest I've
only had these for about two weeks
and I mean so far they've been fine no
problems no sort of breaking up in the
cable or anything like that but time
will tell
I made your follow up review in six
months or so to see how they're holding
up but for now all I can say as they
sound absolutely incredible you should
probably just go out and buy them if you
can find them for anywhere less than two
hundred pounds I'd say it's a good deal
you got a really nice swish case with a
holder and more things in there you can
get a six point five millimeter
appliance jack and it's just you know
it's a really really good package way
better than beets I know everyone
compares to beets but this really is way
way better then it looks really great -
thanks watching that's it for me
like subscribe comment and check out my
other videos